4 Chicken Thighs (boneless, skinless), cut into cubes
1–2 Chicken Breasts (boneless, skinless), cut into cubes
FOR THE MARINADE:

1/2 Cup Greek Yogurt, full fat
5 Cloves Garlic, minced (1–2 Tbsp)
1 Tbsp Ginger Paste
1 tsp each: Sea Salt, Garam Masala, Cumin, Ground Coriander, Paprika
2 teaspoons Freshly Squeezed Lemon Juice
1 Tbsp Olive Oil
COOKING THE CHICKEN:

3 Tablespoons Olive Oil, divided 1 Tbsp & 2 Tbsp
5 Tablespoons Butter, divided 3 Tbsp & 2 Tbsp
1 Onion, chopped
1 Tablespoon Ginger Paste
4 Cloves Garlic, minced
1 Tablespoon Paprika
2 teaspoons Turmeric
1 Tablespoon Garam Masala
2 teaspoons Coriander
1 teaspoon Cumin
1 /8 teaspoon Cardamon Powder & Cayenne Pepper
1 teaspoon sugar (needed to offset the acidity in the tomatoes)
2 Tablespoons Tomato Paste
1 2/3 Cups Tomato Puree
1 2/3 Cups Water
1/3 Cup Heavy Cream
INSTRUCTIONS
Combine the ingredients for the marinade in a bowl – add the chicken and stir to coat.  Cover and refrigerate 2 hours.
Heat a large cast iron skillet over medium heat until very hot but not smoking.  Add 1 Tablespoon of olive oil to coat the pan.  You will not need much oil due to the marinade.  Add about half the chicken, being careful not to overcrowd the pan and let it cook until it’s charred, about 3-4 minutes.  Flip and cook the other side.  Remove the chicken to a plate and cook the next batch.  Don’t worry if it isn’t cooked through, it will continue cooking in Step  7 .
Add 2 Tablespoons oil and 2 Tablespoons butter to the pan.   Add the onions, a little salt and pepper and cook approximately 5-7 minutes.  Add the ginger and cook another minute.  Add the garlic and cook another minute.  Add the rest of the spices listed, stirring while cooking until the onions are completely coated.  Add the tomato paste – stir.
Add the tomatoes and water and stir to combine.  Cover and let simmer for 15 minutes.
Puree the curry using an immersion blender, food processor or blender.  Be very careful as this is very hot.  How much you choose to puree is personal.  It can be completely pureed or left with a few chunks.
Return the sauce to the skillet and add the heavy cream and remaining 3 Tablespoons of butter.
Add the chicken to the skillet and continue to cook until the chicken is no longer pink and cooked through